well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again sighs in the garden section the
other day
I was looking to get in some more
grapevines and I happen to look on the
side of the package and it said that
this product could be bought with a snap
food stamps I thought that was great I
mean that's that's that's cool and then
I did a little bit of research found out
that uh you know it that applies to
fruit trees berry bushes seeds anything
that's gonna grow food it's fantastic I
took a photo of the of the sticker and I
put it on Facebook in the comment
section filled up with people talking
about how to do it or talk about that
they probably couldn't do it because
they live in a city or the climate or
whatever but it isn't a solution for
everybody but it's a solution for some
so I want to talk about it but before we
talk about that we have to talk about
food stamps period because it's a
hot-button political issue and therefore
it's been ruined with talking points
there's a lot of misconceptions so here
we go here are the facts more than 10%
of Americans are on food stamps that is
a substantial number that's a lot of
people you're talking I think it was 44
million that is a lot of people on
average the average household gets about
$250 a month in benefits that's not a
whole lot for food for a month about
half our working families it's not the
stereotypical image you have in your
head if you don't the odds are you know
somebody on food stamps odds are one of
your friends it is on snap so it's not
what you think it is okay so let's just
go through the typical complaints real
quick you know I was at the grocery
store and the person in front of me had
a full cart and they paid for it with
an EBT card you know I don't even eat
that well yeah I'm sure their cart was
full doesn't benefit to get paid out
once a month so what you're looking at
is a month's worth of food you go there
every week don't you that's the
difference that's why well it was all
junk food probably it's probably all
cheap food frozen pizzas stuff like that
yeah it's because it's cheap it's
because it's cheap it stretches that out
they've gotta last a month on it it's
also not very healthy which is kind of
why I think the growing your own food is
probably a benefit in a lot of ways well
they're just lazy bombs there are tens
of thousands of active duty military
August amps the amount of work you're
willing to do has absolutely nothing to
do with whether or not you would have on
food stamps that argument dies right
there it has to do with income period
full stop well it's a sign of the
breakup of the American family all these
single mothers on food stamps not as
much as you'd think if you have say you
got two parents they both work full-time
at a job making a little bit more than
minimum wage and they have two kids
they'll qualify they will qualify the
prevalence of food stamps has to do with
the fact that the system is broken the
people who broke it have done a very
good job of training Americans to kick
down they always have you looking down
it's the immigrants fault it's the
refugees fault
it's those people on food stamps anybody
doing worse than you it's their fault
it's not the people who actually broke
the system it's not the people making
the decisions up in DC it's not the
people enabling multi-billion dollar
corporations
to pay their employees next to nothing
because they know those employees will
be ok because they'll be subsidized with
your tax dollars it's not them it's not
them it's it's the family working
full-time on minimum wage it's their
fault and let's just go ahead and take
it to its conclusion you want to get rid
of food stamps ok you're gonna get a
system change real quick people uh
people are not known for being calm when
they're hungry so if you are doing well
in this system you might just want to
eat this one there are a lot of other
government wastes that you may want to
focus on before this this government
shutdown goes on much longer and food
stamps really do dry up you'll see it
anyway so there you go and as dispelling
some of the general myths of this so now
let's talk about the the fact that you
can actually buy seeds and and for trees
and bushes and vines and all of this
stuff that grow fruit food with snap
cards it's fantastic it's fantastic so
the major concern from that comment
section was people who live in cities
they're like I can't do it here I don't
have any land I don't have any space ok
so some solutions one of which I can't
believe I didn't think of myself because
I do it vertical gardening now I have to
took a pallet and flipped it on its end
and I've closed off the bottom so it
makes a little a little trough fill it
with soil and that's my herb garden you
can deal with anything well not anything
but a lot of things it works takes up
very very little space and you can get a
lot of variety out of it because you
have different rows you also don't have
to weed it as much because it's in the
air when I didn't think of which I
thought was really cool
was those little organizers for shoes
that hang on the back of a closet they
have little pouches in them people use
those they fill them with soil they poke
a hole in the bottom for drainage and
they grow in those they can hang those
on whatever on the sunny side of the
house I thought that was cool some of
the other people had talked do they grow
in cities they had some some more
unconventional means of doing it I'm not
recommending this but it's worth
mentioning because I mean that is
problem-solving right there he just
grows whatever wherever on any unused
land that he finds plants in an isolated
area grows it again I'm 100% certain
that is illegal but I mean that's cool
Wow okay
another option is to you know use a
church community center or something
like that and set up a community garden
so everybody pitches in again it also
builds that network builds that
community which is sorely lacking in
this country another option would be to
grow it on somebody else's property who
knows you're doing it and I think you'd
be surprised a lot of people this is how
farming was done for a very very long
time a lot of people would be more than
happy to let you put in a couple of
apple trees or a blueberry bush or
whatever on their property and you get
the produce off of it because you're
increasing the value of their land and
it's providing a stable location for you
a lot of times people on food stamps
people of lower means they end up moving
they stay in the same city but they end
up moving around this will still give
you access to this because trees and
bushes as mentioned in the comment
section do pret take years to produce
and this this would give you access to
them no matter where you live
and that was one of the other things you
know it takes years to produce some of
the things that I was talking about yeah
it does it does the reality is once
you're locked into that cycle of poverty
it's very hard to get out in a couple of
years when the you know apples start
coming you're probably going to need
them sell and every little bit helps in
that regard now a lot of people were
talking about doing veggies the entry to
that is a whole lot less it's C packaged
for a dollar they don't come back year
after year in most cases but it's
something that can be done there are
questions about climate that's another
one it's something I forget about I live
in the south
right now I'm in USDA growing zone 8 in
English that means I throw seeds on the
ground and spit on them and something
grows it's very easy to grow here if you
live in North Dakota this is probably
not something that's going to work for
you
so those are some of the different
options oh and you can always grow in
containers and pots or raised beds
anything like that and again it's
something that you can use to help build
your community and strengthen your
community and it increases your food
security
hopefully cuts down your dependents and
maybe can contribute to getting you out
it's a it's a fault
so anyway y'all have a good night